Taking back to the office.
Get in, cousin. Let's go.
Um, Amy told me that Lucas was gonna pick me up.
I think I'm the only one here to pick you up.
Mm-hmm. Shoot.
I'm gonna be late. Will you give me a ride?
Of course. Let's go.
What was I thinking?
A husband who hasn't shown up once during our marriage?
Of course he's not picking me up at the airport.
He's the head of the E.P. Secretary Department.
It's my duty to tell you that arriving 15 minutes early is basic, etiquette.
Oh. Well, should I remind you that as a secretary, it's your job to be nice to your coworkers?
Alright, let's not do this. The C.O.B. here very soon.
I should remind you, the boss doesn't like work conflicts.
Alright, he's late because he went to the airport to become his wife.
Otherwise, you might have lost your job day one.
They must really love each other.
My husband didn't even show up.
Mm-hmm.
Hi, Mr. Marty. Mr. Robert.
He looks kind of familiar.